README.md, before:

# Backend - Airbnb React Native
- We'll start creating the backend for the Airbnb react native clone app.
- We'll start by creating a simple node prject with Express and Mongo + GraphQL using Docker.

- Adding to directory:
    - root:
        - **package.json**
        - **index.js**
        - **app.js**
        - **Dockerfile**
        - **.babelrc**
        - **docker-container.yml**

1. Install the dependencies we installed.
1. Let's create a simple Express server.
1. Let's start creating the DOckerfile to create a mongo image.
1. Check if express server starts on locally:
    - Need to add the babelrc file.
1. Now lets create the docker-compose file to create the mongo and graphql containers.
1. Now let's see if the containers are working.
    - *docker-compose up*
    - This will download and run the image.

# 2 Backend for Airbnb App Clone - GraphQL project structure
- In this section we'll start creatng a basic graphQL project structure with a simple mutation and query.

- Adding to directory:
    - root:
        - **graphql**
            - **mutations**
            - **queries**
            - **types**
        - **models**
        - **src**
            - index.js
            - app.js
        - package.json
        - Dockerfile
        - .babelrc
        - docker-container.yml

1. Let's start by creating directories.
    - The graphQL directory will contain:
        - mutations:
            - Used to make changes from mongo.
        - queries:
            - Used to get data from moongo.
        - types:
            - used to declare the different data types.
1. Add a models directory to store schema.
    - The mongoose models will contain modals which will edfine how details will be stored in mongo db.
1. Edit package.json path to index.js
1. Rename the database. - app.js
1. Add mongo port. - app.js
1. Error: import not recognized:
    - Let's add babel polyfill

# 3: Backend for Airbnb App Clone - GraphQL mutations part 1
- Continuing with GraphQL setup.

- Adding to directory:
    - root:
        - graphql
            - **index.js**
            - mutations
                - **index.js**
                - **listing**
                    - **add.js**
                    - **index.js**
                    - **remove-all.js**
                    - **remove.js**
            - queries
            - types
                - **listing.js**
                - **listing-input.js**
        - models
            - **listing.js**
        - src
            - index.js
            - app.js
        - package.json
        - Dockerfile
        - .babelrc
        - docker-container.yml

1. First we'll create a simple mongoose model for the "listing" data.
    - This "listing" is actually an Airbnb Property.
1. Add an Express route for graphql. - app.js
1. Rebuild the docker-compose.
    - Go to route: localhost:8080/graphql
    - Now the Graphiql routes prperly.
    - Next, we need to create some mutaion and queries.
1. Let's create some mutation first.
    - The file index.js in mutations directory:
        - Will be use to merge multipple mutaions together.
    - The "listing" type is used for returning a listing while the "listing-input" type will be used to add a listing.

Commit message:

4. Backend for Airbnb App CLone - GraphQL mutation part 2.

README.md, after:

# Backend - Airbnb React Native
- We'll start creating the backend for the Airbnb react native clone app.
- We'll start by creating a simple node prject with Express and Mongo + GraphQL using Docker.

- Adding to directory:
    - root:
        - **package.json**
        - **index.js**
        - **app.js**
        - **Dockerfile**
        - **.babelrc**
        - **docker-container.yml**

1. Install the dependencies we installed.
1. Let's create a simple Express server.
1. Let's start creating the DOckerfile to create a mongo image.
1. Check if express server starts on locally:
    - Need to add the babelrc file.
1. Now lets create the docker-compose file to create the mongo and graphql containers.
1. Now let's see if the containers are working.
    - *docker-compose up*
    - This will download and run the image.

# 2: Backend for Airbnb App Clone - GraphQL project structure
- In this section we'll start creatng a basic graphQL project structure with a simple mutation and query.

- Adding to directory:
    - root:
        - **graphql**
            - **mutations**
            - **queries**
            - **types**
        - **models**
        - **src**
            - index.js
            - app.js
        - package.json
        - Dockerfile
        - .babelrc
        - docker-container.yml

1. Let's start by creating directories.
    - The graphQL directory will contain:
        - mutations:
            - Used to make changes from mongo.
        - queries:
            - Used to get data from moongo.
        - types:
            - used to declare the different data types.
1. Add a models directory to store schema.
    - The mongoose models will contain modals which will edfine how details will be stored in mongo db.
1. Edit package.json path to index.js
1. Rename the database. - app.js
1. Add mongo port. - app.js
1. Error: import not recognized:
    - Let's add babel polyfill

# 3: Backend for Airbnb App Clone - GraphQL mutations part 1
- Continuing with GraphQL setup.

- Adding to directory:
    - root:
        - graphql
            - **index.js**
            - mutations
                - **index.js**
                - **listing**
                    - **add.js**
                    - **index.js**
                    - **remove-all.js**
                    - **remove.js**
            - queries
            - types
                - **listing.js**
                - **listing-input.js**
        - models
            - **listing.js**
        - src
            - index.js
            - app.js
        - package.json
        - Dockerfile
        - .babelrc
        - docker-container.yml

1. First we'll create a simple mongoose model for the "listing" data.
    - This "listing" is actually an Airbnb Property.
1. Add an Express route for graphql. - app.js
1. Rebuild the docker-compose.
    - Go to route: localhost:8080/graphql
    - Now the Graphiql routes prperly.
    - Next, we need to create some mutaion and queries.
1. Let's create some mutation first.
    - The file index.js in mutations directory:
        - Will be use to merge multipple mutaions together.
    - The "listing" type is used for returning a listing while the "listing-input" type will be used to add a listing.

# 4: Backend for Airbnb App Clone - GraphQL mutations part 2
- The way the previous section work is:
    - By using the mongoose model,
        - we can import it anywhere we need to do something with databse because it is connected in the app.js.
